Practice Quiz - Languages

TOTAL POINTS 6

Question 1  Which of the following statements is true?                                                                                    1 point
            a. Python is the most popular language in data science.
            b. 80% of data scientists worldwide use Python.
            c. Python is useful for AI, machine learning, web development, and IoT.
            d. Keras, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Pandas, and TensorFlow are all built with Python.
            e. All of the above
            Answer -- e 

Question 2  Which of the following are SQL databases? (Select all that apply.)                                                            1 point
            a. MySQL
            b. PostgreSQL
            c. MariaDB
            d. Oracle
            e. MongoDB
            f. CouchDB
            Answer -- a,b,c,d
       
Question 3  Which statements are true about Open Source and Free Software? (Select all that apply.)                                       1 point
            a. Free Software and Open Source can be used interchangeably.
            b. Free Software can always be run, studied, modified and redistributed with or without changes.
            c. Most of Free Software licenses also qualify for Open Source.
            d. Open Source Software can be modified without sharing the modified source code depending on the Open Source license.
            Answer -- b,c,d

Question 4  Is the following statement true or false: R integrates well with other computer languages like C++, Java, C, .Net and Python. 1 point
            a. True
            b. False
            Answer -- a

Question 5  Which of the following languages can be used for data science?                                                                1 point
            a. R
            b. Julia
            c. Java
            d. Javascript
            e. Scala
            f. SQL
            g. All of the above
            Answer -- g

Question 6  Which of the following is used to make Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning possible? (Select all that apply.)        1 point
            a. Oracle
            b. PyTorch
            c. TensorFlow.js
            d. Apache Spark
            e. GNU
            f.Caffe
            Answer -- b,c,d,f


          

